all right let's get this show on the
road
can you do more
what doet a
bullet
no I remember this thing turning faster
maybe or like cutting easier
oh
my when was the last time that you cut
your hair what when was the last time
you cut your hair a long time I can't
even
remember for
okay that's good is that
I know it takes forever to get the
last for
you have no idea how good this feels by
the way it's actually so good
behind your left ear you go
yeah there
okay I think I'm getting
there who are you I didn't even know
what it look like
[Music]
I keep a little lock of
hair yeah yeah yeah
keep it on my night under my
pillow cast some
spell I can make a little voodoo doll
imagine yeah you put it on the
vood start poking it
I think you're good maybe the back need
yeah I need you to um I need you to do
the back
so what's up okay so I just need you to
uh I need you to that like all that like
you know what I'm talking about like all
this random
[__] all right should I put my deck
down all
that fade L tape of
fade there's a com
got two comes
hold
on low tape of
fade wait can I feel
it no I know I know I'm just trying to
figure out how
high how much of it I wanted to take off
why going along like the yeah okay I I
trust you I trust you you know it's
up yeah I know I just want all the fuzzy
I know
I think they actually have a um yeah you
have I think they have a a tapered one
oh yeah they do the ear one should have
a left and a right no no no oh do they I
think you Swit it
around okay so oh yeah you're right
okay so so I have the
two
yeah did
you what I did one inch what is
that I didn't I don't know the numbering
system
eight yeah
so
what I think it's fine I just uh yeah
the ears would be good
because because it's annoying when it
like touches the top of
your F the guy that made that is
actually an insane producer I forget his
name but he does live streams too wait
hold on oh my gosh
let's go let's
[Music]
go chat thank you for the
Dono Breezy 36 asks when is new music
dropping you got to wait and find
out I'm done I can sit down let me sit
down no just stop mov
all right all
right you don't want this on your
clothes though I'm worried about
you it get so itchy I know but it gets
all over that's what I'm saying you got
to shake it out you got to
like you like change and not try
to it gets everywhere when it's
little my uh this guy I knew that used
to cut my hair he had this thing called
a floby and it it was basically it was
basically one of these hooked up to a
vacuum so it would suck your hair and
then it would like cut it while it
sucked your hair so it didn't make a
mess you want
the don't forget don't forget to like
And subscribe Chad next week Minecraft
speedrun
I know how to do
it I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry there's a lot going through my
mind right now
it's so weird because like I was doing
it for a long time and yet you still
always miss some and so you go into the
mirror like up I go into the mirror
upstairs and then I'm like oh I got to
do this whole thing
again wait but you're going to get those
right
BL blood got hair haircut stream before
GTA
6 I think the Apple's rotten right to
the cour hold
on wait can I just feel
it let me sit down then I won't move as
much feel like it's fine I maybe we
should just
ears yeah that's
definitely
possible yeah
yeah yeah I know what you're saying okay
can you just do this this is
the sigma male stance bro I'm not Sigma
I'm Omega I'm pheromone maxing I don't
shower my bad chat my
bad are you supposed to do
yeah wait oh can you go around the other
way is it meant to go that way yeah it's
meant to go that way okay no I just
thinking about it i' I never did this
one yeah I don't
like wait but that's the wrong way right
I know but get
number you want me to get number
two I feel feel like this is going to be
the last one like I'm I'm pretty happy
with
this yeah fair
enough and then do you want to go with
no clip and just like pull the ear down
and do do this too so
wait hold on
yeah subscribe for a
cookie I'll abuse a 100 people on camera
subscribe for a
cookie just a little just a little thing
I learned at my time for Mr Beast
Productions am I
good Chad am I
good but I think it's good don't I think
it's
good I'm going to go take a
shower bro sub subscribe go to my
YouTube subscribe watch my other real
streams this is just for [__] memes
Bud blood this is just for for the memes
this is just cuz this is what I
do join the Discord you know follow on
Tik Tok
bro
what real streams coming soon we're
making a turret that
shoots
paintballs we're making a paintball gun
that tracks people's
faces I'm not going bald why should I go
bald I'm not no I once cut it real short
I did like a number two or three I
didn't it took too long to it took too
long to uh to grow
back I'm not doing that I'm not ready
for
that I I'll I'll cut your hair ball I'm
not doing it
myself yeah share it man all right 20
minutes to cut my hair that's pretty
fast it's pretty
good yeah we we're engineering we're
doing CAD we're doing Electronics we're
doing
programming we're building stuff that no
one's ever built before except for the
MythBusters who apparently did this 14
years ago but who even are those guys
who even are the Mythbusters
my daughter's eating [__] cat
food what the hell my daughter ate a
bunch of [__] cat food the other day
all right all right uh peace out